Subtitles by DramaFever
[Andante]
[Episode 4: Scenes of Grandma]
Kim Bom.
What?
- What?
- Huh?
Right, I'm here to convince Bom.
How do I convince the cold Bom though?
Okay, I'll try to be
intelligent and logical.
If you have something
to say, say it.
Well...
We're going to be in the talent show.
And?
We're going to do a dance number.
We have a bit of a problem though.
It's not a problem really, but...
I think we need your help.
If you could help out a little...
Oh gosh. What am I saying right now?
Okay.
What? What are you saying okay to?
You're asking me to be
in the talent show with you.
I'm saying I'll do it with you.
Did I speak really well just now?
What are you going to do for me
if I do the talent show with you?
I don't know.
I'm doing it as volunteer work too.
I think you should figure that out.
I should figure out what I get out of it?
- You hear about the talent show prize?
- What is it?
- It's a bicycle.
- Wow.
It is usually a ticket
to the culture center.
Gosh, I leave for a training, and the
vice-principal has caused trouble again.
Seriously.
Why are there so many kinds of bikes?
I've never ridden one before,
so I don't know which is good.
Just buy the most expensive one.
The vice-principal will cover it.
Do you know how much
the most expensive one is?
Do I really have to do this stuff?
- Teacher.
- Yes. What is it, Shi Young?
I heard the talent show prize
is a bike. Is that true?
Wow, Gi Hoon couldn't keep it quiet.
He just had to tell everyone.
Yes, it is.
I want to be in the show too.
Your name wasn't on the list
the class president gave me.
Not with that team,
but by myself.
It isn't one team per class, is it?
Of course, not.
Shi Young, you must be singing or doing
a one-man show if you're doing it alone.
Do you need an assistant?
I have lots of free time.
No.
I haven't seen her before.
Is she the transfer student?
Oh, yes.
The younger of two siblings.
Oh, Bom!
How long have you studied dance?
I have never studied dance.
She's a natural... a natural.
People who have never
studied are usually better.
What kind of dancing do you like?
Sexy dance or a cute one?
When I'm feeling down,
I like Girls' Generation or AOA.
When I'm in a good mood,
Miss A, EXID, Girl's Day...
It's done. First place is ours.
That's enough. Let's pick a song.
Why don't Shi Kyung and Bom
choose the song?
We don't know much about that stuff.
Do you want to do that?
I don't know much either.
But, okay. I'll do it.
I don't have time today.
I'm having dinner with my dad.
Then, when will we do it?
I'll call you later.
You have my number from before, right?
Did you save it?
Uh, yeah.
Let me see.
Here it is. You didn't save it.
I'll save it now.
Whose call are you waiting for?
Huh? Yeah.
Who? Ga Ram?
No, it's someone
I'm doing the talent show with.
Yes, I heard you're doing
the talent show at the hospice.
Yeah, you and Grandma will come
to watch, won't you?
Of course, I will go to see my grandson.
Did you tell them?
Tell us what?
I saw him at the hospice.
About Mom working in the hospice?
What about it?
Mom, you work in the hospice?
What do you do?
What could you do there?
Oh...
What kind of work? Like a nurse?
You're not doing work like Grandma,
making burial clothes, are you?
Don't do work like that.
What's wrong with that?
I feel like I'm walking into a coffin
every time I walk into the room.
You think you'll never age or die?
You'll never have to wear burial clothes?
That's a long way off.
Don't do it, Mom.
I don't like you working there.
What's wrong with working there?
What will you do if she doesn't work?
Try digging in the ground.
See if you can find anything.
You said you don't even
bother dogs when they're eating.
Why are you constantly
bothering me, Grandma?
That, that, that... mouth of yours.
Lee Shi Young, stop and just eat.
Lee Shi Kyung,
stop looking at your phone.
Why isn't she calling?
Is the reception bad
because we're in a rural town?
[Dialing Ga Ram]
What is it?
Just saying goodnight.
Hey. Look at the time.
Hello?
What was that about?
Nothing's wrong with the phone.
The reception is very good.
Then, there is only one reason
why she hasn't called.
Kim Bom forgot to call.
[Kim Bom]
It's the sexy Bom.
Not this one.
Won't this be hard for the kids to do?
- You think we can do this?
- I don't know.
I think it would be fun.
I think the song is good.
- It's really fun.
- Yeah, I like it.
I think this one is good.
- This one?
- Yeah.
I haven't felt like this
since I stopped going
to a girls-only bath house as a kid.
All the cells in my body have come
to life, and they're shouting.
I'm going crazy with excitement.
I want to be closer to her.
That night, I danced with Bom
for a long time in my dreams.
It was a thrilling and ecstatic dream.
Oh dear. Look at that mess.
Oh my word.
What is this?
What is this pile here?
Have a nice day.
It's too hard. I'm a bad dancer.
Someone needs to show us how.
Kim Bom, you and Shi Kyung chose it.
You two should do it.
Hey, all we did was choose it.
We should all do one move.
Yes, but still.
Bom, show us your dancing.
Yes, Bom. We'll follow your lead. Go on.
You want me to do it?
What? She can't move at all,
and they called her a dancing queen?
Kim Bom, what happened?
- What?
- We heard you were the dancing queen.
Me? Who said that?
You said so.
Miss A, EXID, Girl's Day...
You can do all their dances.
I said I listen to them
when I'm down and dance.
When did I say I was good?
I'm a terrible dancer.
You said Kim Bom was a dancing queen.
That was the rumor.
What am I supposed to do?
What should we do?
We were all counting on Bom.
Ah, now I get it.
You guys don't have to worry. I'll leave.
I didn't really want to be
in the talent show anyway.
Where are you going?
We're supposed to do it together.
Do it with us.
Let's change it to something easy
and all do it together.
I heard you all were going insane
because of Bom.
You laughed at me about cosplay,
and now look at you all.
It's not that bad.
What do you mean? It's totally bad.
I heard that you're
entering too, Shi Young.
Isn't it hard to do it alone?
Should I help you?
No, I have to do it alone.
It only holds meaning if I do it alone.
Okay, find lots of meaning.
It will be your last show.
Oh and make sure to wear that trash
in front of Mom and Grandma.
Just thinking about it
makes me embarrassed for you.
It isn't trash.
Is it food waste?
- Hey, Bernard.
- What, Trash?
You're crazy, Bernard.
- What, are you food waste?
- What?
Trash wins.
I told you it's not trash.
She doesn't have a chance, does she?
No, she doesn't.
Hey, can I listen to LP's at your house?
Let's go.
You're sitting up today.
You're usually in bed all the time.
Let me know if you want to call again.
I'll call her for you.
You want to hear your mother's voice.
But, I'll probably get in trouble for it.
Tell her to come visit you.
She must miss you so much.
No... it's better if I die.
Have you eaten anything?
I made your burial clothes.
I had an easy time sewing it,
so I think your path will be painless.
Wow! Your dad collected a lot of LP's.
I guess reading and listening
to music were his hobbies.
His hobbies were quite noble unlike mine.
Why do you talk about your dad
like he's a stranger?
I don't have many memories of him.
He went missing when I was seven.
Missing?
He was with Doctors Without Borders.
He went to a volatile region
and went missing.
I don't have a mom.
She passed away from cancer
when I was young.
There are many broken families
in this neighborhood other than mine.
Hey, don't say that.
I hate hearing that more than anything.
Hey, do you think Bom can do this?
You know you're kind of obvious
with Kim Bom, don't you?
Are you interested?
Interested?
It's more than that.
Oh!
She's unique.
Sometimes, she's innocent.
Sometimes, she's sexy.
At times, she appears clueless
and then very cold too.
She's like a video game character I like.
Oh!
If this works out well,
the vice-principal's wish will come true.
What about her?
Our school doesn't have a couple.
Her wish is for there
to be a couple at school.
That lady...
Why aren't there any couples?
Maybe because we all grew up together.
We have no fantasies about each other.
We know each other too well.
I guess it's different
with transfer students.
We're not dating.
It's just a flirtation right now.
Oh, a flirtation. Bernard.
Hey, you too?
Aunt, Aunt!
What, what? Is there a cockroach?
A cockroach? Where?
I'm really scared of bugs.
- Did you see my clothes in here?
- What clothes?
My cosplay clothes in the plastic bag.
Have you seen them?
How would I know?
Did you take a good look?
I searched several times,
but it's not there.
You said it was in a plastic bag, right?
Yes. Have you seen it?
I think I saw your grandma
carrying it out earlier.
Grandma?
She must've thrown it out
thinking it was trash.
I told you that it looks like trash.
It worked out well.
She will have
to give up cosplay for good.
You know how much
that means to Shi Young.
Shi Young!
Seriously, gosh!
Hey! Stop it.
Mind your own business.
Put them on. You'll get frostbite.
That crazy girl.
Sorry you had to see that.
You'll see this often
if you're around us enough.
What is going on here?
- Grandma, where are my clothes?
- What clothes?
What did you do with my cosplay clothes?
What are you talking about?
Shi Young's cosplay clothes are gone.
Mother, did you get rid of
Shi Young's clothes?
I don't know anything about
this co-play or cot-play.
There were some rags in the closet,
so I threw them out.
Is it wrong to throw out trash?
Where did you throw it out?
I searched the neighborhood
trash, and it's not there.
Don't you think garbage men work?
Grandma, who are you to throw out
my belongings so carelessly?
- Who do you think you are?
- Lee Shi Young!
Go to your room.
Shi Kyung, take her to the room.
- Come on.
- Let me go!
As soon as Dad went missing
and we came to you...
what did you do back then, Grandma?
You kicked us out saying
you didn't want to see us.
Then you didn't see us for 10 years.
You turned me away
when I was six years old.
Are you even a real grandmother?
Do you think you can become
a real grandma if you act like one now?
Why, you...
Just, what are you trying to say!
That's enough.
I would've thrown that out
even if your grandma hadn't.
Why do you hold it in, Mom?
She said you were too hard
on your husband, causing his death.
Why did you go cry
in your room by yourself?
Grandma is the one
who is always harder on everyone.
Ruining your husband wasn't enough,
so you ruined your own son too!
- What!
- What happened to Dad is your fault.
Lee Shi Young.
Grandma!
Lee Shi Young, get out here.
- Get out.
- Let go!
- Leave now.
- What did I do wrong?
Hey!
Shi Yoon.
Get over here. Get over here now.
Hurry up now.
What did I do wrong?
Have you lost your mind?
Just let me go!
No matter how angry you are,
how could you say that to Grandma?
Is that how I raised you?
Why are you picking on me?
Grandma wronged me first.
- Lee Shi Young!
- Am I wrong?
You have been thinking that
on the inside too.
You hate Grandma
on the inside too, don't you?
No! I don't resent her.
She has a right to feel that way.
You are so fake.
Why are you hitting me?
What do you know about anything?
Are you inside my heart?
Also, if you say whatever you feel,
you're an animal not a person.
If I'm an animal, then so are you.
You want to continue saying crap
with that mouth?
- Huh, huh?
- Ow!
Don't say another word.
Get in there and apologize to Grandma.
No! I won't apologize
until she brings my clothes back.
I don't know what to do.
I really need to find them.
What's wrong with you?
When will you become a human being?
Lie down.
Please understand.
Once Shi Young explodes,
she can't see straight.
Hold on. I'll get you some water.
When did you get back?
Your mom has been waiting for so long.
- Get in there now.
- No!
If you don't apologize today,
I really won't forgive you.
No! I said no.
Oh yeah? Let's see if you're going
to win or if I am going to win today.
- No.
- Mom!
- Something's wrong with Grandma.
- What?
Mother! Mother...
Mother.
Mother!
That's strange.
How was she acting strange?
She was shaking and then went limp.
So, I took her into her room.
Suddenly, she stroked my face and said,
"When did you get back?"
What are you talking about?
Could you, at least, keep it together?
It's true though.
Shi Young, have breakfast.
Let her go. She has no right to eat.
What about Grandma?
She went out.
Where? She didn't move out, did she?
Since when did you care
about her so much?
Since I ate that soybean paste soup.
That's good.
You have morning classes, right?
Go help Grandma at the hospice
after your classes.
She'll feel better if you help her out.
I have practice after school.
Go after practice.
All right.
What's the problem? Things were fine.
I'm just going to leave.
We all agreed to do it together.
I make them feel uncomfortable,
so why would I stay?
We switched to an easier song,
so we just need to practice a little bit.
Let's do it together.
No, I hate being in an awkward position.
You have missed so much school.
How could it not be a little awkward?
That's why I'm going to leave.
- What about me?
- What about you?
If you aren't there,
I'm not going to do it either.
- That's up to you.
- Let's do it.
Wow. That was so awkward,
I thought I was going to die.
See, I endured that awkward moment.
I went "ahh" and made you laugh.
Just try it a few times, and it will
become comfortable eventually.
Dancing's not easy for me either.
You could practice with me.
Oh, you said your dad's coming though.
- Yeah.
- He comes often.
Why don't you live together?
My dad's a university professor in Seoul.
What? So, you're a rich girl?
I was sickly, so he wanted me to go to
school in a place where the air was good.
So, he sent me here.
Oh, I see.
Hello? Yes, Mom.
I'm practicing with Ga Ram
and the others. That's why I'm late.
What? They're practicing there?
Okay, I'll be right there.
Go.
I'm going to head out.
Call me whenever you want.
[DF Ver] E04 Andante "Scenes of Grandma"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I'm home.
Dad, what does it mean to die?
- Bom...
- Do you go away if you die?
Will I not see you again?
Is that how it is?
If you die, will I not
be able to see you?
No, you can still see me
even when I'm gone, Bom.
How can I do that?
Do you have the ring I gave you?
- This one?
- Yes, that one.
This is a secret that no one knows.
That ring is an Absolute Ring.
An Absolute Ring?
As long as I have the ring,
I can do absolutely anything?
Yes.
When you miss your dad,
rub the ring and call for me.
Then I will say "ta-da"
and show up next to you, Bom.
What a total liar.
Mom.
- Shi Kyung?
- Where are the kids?
Go see your Grandma
before you meet up with them.
Go run some errands for her
and rub her shoulders for her.
Rub her shoulders too?
Is it an emergency?
It looks like it's
Mr. Kim Jae Woong's room.
You were doing so well.
Why would you do this?
Where did you get
agricultural pesticide?
Do you know how much pain
this is going to cause you?
Leave me alone to die.
A man like me has no right
to live another day.
Mr. Kim Jae Woong.
Do you know how envious other patients
were when your colon drained?
Please be strong.
Hey, what is it?
That man tried
to poison himself to death.
Poison himself to death?
He drank pesticide.
Move!
Is there... something you want to eat?
Eat something before you go.
I will make you what I can.
There is nothing I want.
All right, then I will decide
what to prepare on my own.
Eat that before you go.
Shi Kyung, go and get some
of my soybean paste.
It is in the first row from the back,
on the far left.
Don't get it mixed up with the others.
Just bring that one.
- Get going.
- Okay.
Shi Kyung, let's go together!
I'll take you on my bike.
The bus won't be here for a while.
That would be great. Oh, wait...
There's something better than the bike.
You're hiring for a part-time job?
Are you okay with high school students?
I'm in enrolled in school now.
Yes, I'll be right there.
[Kim Bom, can you give me a ride
on your scooter again?]
Over here, over here! Hurry.
Where are you going?
My house. I have an urgent errand
to run for my grandma.
Okay. Get on.
First row from the back, on the far left.
It's this one. What is it?
Is it the hundred-year-old soybean
paste that I've heard about?
Oh.
Kim Bom, are you home?
No, I'm about to go there now.
Did you deliver the soybean paste?
Yes, thanks to you.
By the way, my Grandma's name
is Duk Boon.
Grandma Duk Boon?
("Thanks to you" in Korean)
It's a fun name, isn't it?
Yeah, it is.
I wish I only had
to run errands like this.
What?
Nothing. Thanks for today.
Be careful getting home.
Get up and have some food.
I don't want to eat it.
Please leave.
I didn't know what you would like.
I made you my son's favorite
soybean paste soup.
He could easily finish
one bowl of rice...
whenever he ate my soybean paste soup.
He went missing over 10 years ago,
and I don't know if he's dead or alive.
I heard you left home long ago
and wish to see your mother.
If my son were alive...
he would be around your age.
I prepared this meal
thinking of you as my son.
Please think of it as a soybean paste
soup that was prepared by your mother.
Have a spoonful.
Meet your mother.
No matter what state her child is in...
just being able to see his face
would be more than enough.
That is a mother's heart.
Mom...
Hey.
That man usually doesn't eat well.
He ate half of that soup.
No one can refuse Grandma Duk Boon's
soybean paste soup.
Doesn't Grandma Duk Boon
have so much charisma?
"Eat something before you go."
That's not it.
"You'll get hit if you don't eat."
Oh, it's Bom.
Kim Bom, you don't usually
come to the hospice.
- What brings you here?
- Where's Shi Kyung?
Why are you looking for him?
I need to talk to him.
Shi Kyung went that way
with his grandma.
This feels a little weird.
What is this "thing"
they need to talk about?
Oh my.
Oh my, my, my. That feels good.
Do you feel better?
Yes, that feels good.
l'm going to charge 1,000 won per minute.
- 1,000 won.
- Really?
Per hour.
1,000 won.
Oh my... that is good.
Grandma, that soybean paste in the
jar in the first row from the back...
What about it?
What kind of soybean paste is it?
Is it the hundred-year-old one?
How do you know about that?
Oh, Kim Bom!
Did you come to see me?
You should've called.
Who is this?
Hello.
This is my classmate, Kim Bom.
This is my grandma.
Kim Bom?
Sit here.
Your name is Bom?
Who gave you that name?
My dad.
He must've adored you so much
to give you the name Bom.
What does your father do?
He's a university professor in Seoul.
Then, why are you here?
She gets sick easily,
so she is here for the clean air.
There are many places with clean air,
so why here of all places?
Do you have relatives here?
That's true. Why this strange place?
I came here with my dad once,
and we liked it.
The mountains, the water,
and the people here are all very good.
You must be good in school
if you're the daughter of a professor.
Please watch over my Shi Kyung.
Grandma, I'm not a child.
I will. Don't worry.
You sure are charming.
I wish Shi Young was
half the person you are.
Come on, Grandma.
Don't compare her to Shi Young.
Thank you.
Grandma Duk Boon. Grandma Duk Boon.
It's Oh Bong Sook. Please hurry.
That ill-tempered old lady.
What is it now?
Her daughter-in-law is here.
- Come again.
- Bye now.
How many faces does she have?
What is this side
she showed to Grandma?
I can't live!
You're just waiting
for me to die, you wench.
I know your grandma.
- How?
- There was a thing.
She probably doesn't remember me.
What are you doing here anyway?
Everyone says you don't like
coming to the hospice.
I wanted to say something to you.
Say something? What is it?
I'm going to head out.
What were you going to say?
I said it.
What was that?
She said she had something to say.
Do you want to date me?
My heart is racing.
My heart is racing like crazy.
Go home with Grandma.
I'm going to head home before her.
First row from the back.
The soybean paste on the far left.
- It's this one.
- What about it?
Is it really a hundred years old?
- Hundred years old?
- Yeah.
That's what the kids say.
Grandma has a hundred-year-old
soybean paste.
Really?
Is this it? I can't tell.
Right?
You could sell it for a high price
if it really is a hundred years old.
Really?
Awesome. Let it melt slowly
in your mouth.
The soybean paste tastes sweet.
- Really?
- Yeah.
A man at the hospice cried
because of this soybean paste.
Really?
Come now. You're a good girl.
Eat this.
Yes. Be a good girl.
It's still good, isn't it?
Just get out of here. Get away from me.
Get out, you wench. Get out!
I'm going to die because of you,
all because of you!
20 milligrams of morphine
and 5 milligrams of Valium.
Doctor, please save me.
All these people want me to die.
How can I stand to see the people
who will be happy to see me die?
So, please save me.
There you go again.
You'll say something else after
taking medication and getting some sleep.
Mother, I'll do a good job.
- Who told you to buy this?
- Mother.
Get out! I can't stand the sight of you.
I can't live because of you.
Get out! Get out!
Oh my goodness. Oh my, oh my, oh my.
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die sooner because of her.
The moment my heart raced at
the words "Do you want to date me"...
another person's heart moaned in pain.
What a world this is.
Is it that fun?
Yes.
What do you mean fun?
I'm just getting it ready,
so it's easier for her to use.
Why would she use it?
For her, it's like throwing
pearls to the pigs.
Aren't you going home?
Mom told me to go home with you.
Oh, are you awake?
You're still here?
I have no one to welcome me
even if I go home.
My granddaughter would prefer
that I come in late.
Thank you.
When I throw a fit,
they call me "Gap Jang"
and I can't do anything about it.
If you feel bad about it,
don't throw such a fit.
You say you're weak.
What does "Gap Jang" mean?
Oh, that's my grandson.
He's good looking.
Your grandma and I are the same age.
We were born in '48, the year of the rat.
You don't know that "Gap Jang"
means people of the same age?
This is the first I've heard it.
I guess we don't understand
the kids these days either.
Here you go.
I don't need it.
Still, your daughter-in-law
put her thought into it, so accept it.
My daughter-in-law
would never think of doing it.
She thinks I don't know
what she's thinking.
They wouldn't care if I died
if it weren't for this.
Both my son and daughter-in-law.
Your children wouldn't do that
over a ring, would they?
How much could that be worth?
You don't know what you're talking about.
This is worth a billion won.
Don't you know about
the teardrop diamond?
A billion won?
All the money I had has been spent on
my illness, and this is what I have left.
They are fighting to own it
and waiting for me to die.
I have seen all sorts
of people here, but still...
You can throw that out, or
do whatever you want with it.
You can do so much with this.
You can make phone calls or video calls.
Do you want to see?
Hello? Lee Shi Kyung,
did you buy a phone?
Isn't that Ga Ram?
Hello.
It isn't mine. I'll explain later.
- Come over to listen to LP's.
- Okay.
There are no faces I want to see.
You can listen to music with this.
It can read books to you,
and the games are really...
She said no.
You can play Go-Stop too.
Go-Stop?
I like the voice. Who is it?
"Beautiful Person" by Kim Min Ki.
Hey.
Suppose there is this girl.
What would you say
if she asked to date you?
Bom asked to date you?
No! What are you saying?
I just thought of that
while listening to the music.
I said no.
I said suppose, didn't I?
So, it is Bom.
I better call the vice-principal.
Why would you call her?
To tell her the school
finally has a couple.
I said it's not that.
I would have to answer her
for it to be dating or not.
Then it is Bom.
Hey, Lee Shi Young!
Your brother's friend is here.
You said she wasn't home.
She's not home.
Why isn't she home?
This isn't what I ordered.
I told you no chili sauce and no olives.
I told them. I'm sorry.
I'll put in your order again.
Forget it. Give me a refund.
- Pardon me?
- Didn't you hear me?
Give me a refund.
This is a crappy neighborhood.
I don't like anything here.
My part-time job?
No one knows about it.
I need to buy a phone and a bicycle.
There's a reason why.
Okay, Ji Min. I'll talk to you later.
It's totally my style.
It would be perfect with skinny jeans.
Oh, it's Kim Bom.
Class 2 president.
Who me?
- Aren't you the president?
- Yes.
Go to your homeroom teacher.
Get the two transfer students' records
and bring them to the consult room.
Then tell them to go there.
Okay.
Hey!
I told you not to wear anything
over your uniform during class time.
It's break time now.
You were wearing it during class too.
I'm sick.
I can't ever remember seeing you
dressed properly in uniform.
Why is it that you rebel
with little things like this?
I told you I'm feeling sick.
You go to the consult room too.
Everyone says the student dean
is a total liar and a show off.
He also discriminates and has favorites.
What does your father do?
I asked you what your father does.
Lee Shi Kyung.
What is this?
Aren't you two siblings?
- We are.
- Then why?
Do you have different fathers?
- Excuse me?
- Then what is this?
Father's name is Lee Shi Yoon.
Lee Shi Yoon?
Lee Shi Kyung wrote down
that he does not have a father.
Lee Shi Young wrote that her father is
working abroad, so what happened?
Lee Shi Kyung, you have
no father listed here.
Well, that's...
Our father went missing 12 years ago.
And?
It was in a war region.
So, what?
- What about it?
- Were you there?
Do you know if Dad is dead or alive?
You weren't there, so why would
you say we have no dad?
Hey, stop that.
When did I say that?
You wrote down that you have no dad.
What about you?
Did you confirm if he's dead or alive?
Stop, stop, stop.
You two can fight later.
You and Mom are just alike.
How can you erase Dad
so easily like that?
It's not like that.
What do you mean it's not?
- Yes, Vice-Principal.
- Then, why didn't you write him?
Is he not enough of a person
to write on a piece of paper now?
Many people died there.
Can you be sure that he's alive?
There is a one percent chance
for miracles in the world.
Sure, go on and believe in miracles.
- But, don't force me to.
- Yes, okay.
Hey!
What are you doing
in front of your teacher?
- Why do you even do these things?
- What?
What did you say?
Why do you care if our dad is dead,
alive, or what he does?
Why should we tell you?
Ah, so you know who the rich kids are,
so you can give them special treatment.
You little punk.
How dare you speak that way!
Do you know that it's like torture for
some students to write these things?
Stop right there.
Stop right there! Hey!
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Andante]
Today, I have to say something,
just anything.
Give me a few days.
You can wait, right?
Hey, lady!
I heard you threw cold coffee
in my little sister's face.
- Do you want to feel the same thing?
- Oh my.
No one ever came running to me
even when I called crying.
Not once... no one.
- Do you know the patient Kim Jae Woong?
- Yes.
Go and bring that patient's mother here.
Okay, let's go to the ocean with Bom.
I want to respond to what you said
about us dating.
I want you to have this.